what if somebody message you on a dating
app asking I know we've never met but
how do you feel about dropping
everything you've got going on this week
to go on a crazy adventure together in
48 hours
across the world see there's two things
amar does extremely well getting
strangers to go on crazy adventures and
organizing dates but so far the date
Samar has organized have always been for
others so today it's time for that to
change well on Bumble a few months ago I
found the perfect opportunity to ask a
strangers to go on the most spontaneous
adventure of their lives pretty crazy
idea where I would ask her to go on a
trip across the world on the first date
on what like on a first date first I'm
like organized this for you guys in a
bit like a third really so [ __ ] hard
but I feel like my number on mumble and
she texted me so now I'm at the point
where I'm about to go into page two of
my ass and culturally this is William II
like very appropriate for me to display
that part of my life but my intention is
this in the context of like friendship
and just getting to know an awesome
spontaneous girl who's down for like
adventure the craft
she just responded as long as it's
nothing illegal it has to do with snakes
yes
let's see if this coffee is gonna get me
a trip to curse the world good bundle
date all right now going to meet her
alright I'm pretty much approaching
they're probably the strangest thing
anyone's ever asked you what's the
craziest thing that I can do on like
yeah the answer was what if I ask my
date to go on a trip across the world
for a first date
so literally just booked a ticket
whatever the cheapest ticket is and just
like go for it and then throughout this
time I'll get to know of course there's
no obligation there for anything this is
done in the context of friendship no
it's just to put any pressure you cuz if
it's a no then just to leave this with
it it's all ok yeah yeah ok yeah that's
the whole been trying to say yes to more
things it is a perfect opportunity for a
college student to just keep the campus
life yeah we're gonna be best friends
for sure alright so I just got back
the guys just happened to be pulling in
at the same time we're good to go she
said yes I'm not gonna tell her worship
where we were going and she still said
like sure was she cool she was really
cool it's finally a Mars turn probably
leave on Tuesday literally after
tomorrow in two days in two days as
someone who's been in a very similar
position before do you recommend
international dates with yes there that
just gives me that boost of confidence
going into this knowing that I'll kill
it it's official I got the passport I
just booked tickets to Iceland I am
actually leaving in 48 hours to an
entirely different continent to a place
that I've never been to before with the
human being that I've met for a total of
ten minutes alright
[Music]
on my way to the Los Angeles
International Airport to Cali and I was
very stressed this morning and I was
always behind the camera for the other
experiences when Thomas and Matt were in
similar situations and now I understand
how nerve-racking it is to just be doing
such an intense experience with a
complete stranger
[Music]
how are you I know I was really excited
I was like super down to go I called my
friend she was like that's super weird
jokes you guys it was like oh shoot and
I called my parents and they were like
oh really yeah wow you've got your
parents you just got the randomly
selected walking from my life I end up
setting something up in Iceland but I
actually forgot to book where we're
gonna stay
we're just gonna have to do it like on
the plane or something I hope I'm not
scary this is her first ever bubble date
so I'm glad that it could be a
later we just landed gonna head out
right now drop off our stuff and start
attention a lot of things planned today
so there's no idea what we're doing
first morning in Iceland we've got about
48 hours in the country before we have
to catch a flight back to LA so the only
plan is to find as many epic adventures
as we possibly can to finish those 48
hours and head back to LA let's get
started all right yeah we're basically
going
I skate inspiration and some of you over
the second biggest nicely put you on the
spot I'll let you explain to people
what's going on as I
[Music]
rates explore some caves or what what
you just gonna take me out all right
day two we are actually heading to Blue
Lagoon right now which have seen a lot
of videos a lot of like promo things on
Iceland it looks super creep
[Music]
alright this is the part I've been
waiting for the impact we're going to
get to Stockton between the two tectonic
plates of North America which is right
over there and Eurasia which is over
there and we're gonna be swimming right
in the middle waters of course freezing
so we'll be wearing dry suits but if
this is the last footage found of us
because we just froze to death down
there it was a good job
[Music]
spitting out beautiful big ever
experienced just flow to give you
confidence I can every would have
thought that I would step out of the
water into the snow like this just walk
you just got to the airport heading back
to LA Liberty's been most adventurous
spontaneous 48 hours I've ever had I
mean I think it's absolutely crazy and I
feel like I would have never said yes
but really really glad I did
it's so weird to me that this is the
first person I ever met on the bumble
it's the first time I ever met someone
I'm very happy and I'm like priority for
doing itself that's for the high five we
missed the beginning of the episode now
let's do it again
[Music]
I assume that exception